feat: add documentation for go sdk (#501)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/go/contract-interface.md

# Contract interfaces

> There is a set of system contract that helps with the interaction with zkSync Era network.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a set of system contracts that supports the zkSync Era network interaction.<br>
```

The following are the contracts:

- ERC20
- ContractDeployer

### ERC20

> This is a system contract that provides management of ERC20 tokens. It has the same API as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a system contract that provides ERC20 token management. It has the same API as
```

> defined in [ERC20](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20) standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in the [ERC20](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20) standard.
```

### ContractDeployer

> ContractDeployer is a utility system contract, represented as a type to cover the following functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ContractDeployer is a utility system contract, represented as a type, and covers the following functionality:
```

> - encode binary contract representation by `create` method for further deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Encode binary contract representation by `create` method for further deploying.
```

> - encode binary contract representation by `create2` method for further deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Encode binary contract representation by `create2` method for further deploying.
```
